Update migration-guide-advanced.md (#1138)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/using-the-api/webhooks/migration-guide-advanced.md

| I am using...                                                                    | Action and impact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | ...email notification functionality <br/><br/> ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Development_work_required-yellow)                                             | - Migrate to the new webhook service <br/> - Review the [critical considerations](/using-the-api/webhooks/migration-guide-advanced#email-notification-functionality)                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ...email notification functionality <br/><br/> ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Configuration_required-yellow)                                             | - Migrate to the new webhook service <br/> - Review the [critical considerations](/using-the-api/webhooks/migration-guide-advanced#email-notification-functionality)                                       |
```

I don't want to scare people away from migrating. Technically not engineering development work more configuration/set up.

### Email notification functionality  

> Our new webhooks service supports sending notifications for events using our [Zapier app](https://zapier.com/apps/codat/integrations), so you can building automated workflows to send email, Slack, or other notifications. Use our webhook events as triggers and drive actions in all of the tools you use, from Google Sheets to SalesForce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our new webhooks service supports sending notifications for events using our [Zapier app](https://zapier.com/apps/codat/integrations), so you can build automated workflows to send email, Slack, or other notifications. Use our webhook events as triggers and drive actions in all of the tools you use, from Google Sheets to SalesForce.
```
